mmm oh now we're ready okay i see LOL
recording okay welcome to the all hands
call my name is Las be your host today
this is the first of five calls today
Emily next one will be absent I PFS in
about an hour um and I guess let's start
with the rock on yeah yeah cuz I'm the
furthest East yeah go for it yeah okay
hello everyone i'm richard i worked on
docs and community and stuff i'm
currently in tokyo so I'm the furthest
piece today finally yeah take that use
in Europe that's it
thank you hon hi I'm hot I work on orbit
or TV and apps on ipad passenger nice to
be back I missed quite a few of these
calls in last month good to have you
back since I'm about 300 meters by the
west's somehow i connect I'm lost I work
on infrastructure of phi PSI 0 and
networking in the fifth year yup i live
in berlin the visa oh heck oh i'm sorry
it's a bit dark with your friends hi
Hector here i'm in berlin i'm currently
i work for radical x and i'm currently
working on raft on p2p and it's going
very well and with that we're going to
build a DFS cluster so looking forward
today great 300 Cakes hey and plagues in
hamburg a bit further west and I'm yeah
working on all soft go likely p2p I PFS
like pops up orbit whatever whatever is
up at the moment nice catch a view thank
you delete again teacher first really oh
yeah I keep messing this up I'm sorry
Victor I Barcelona which is more east to
list them for those with all them and i
work on JavaScript things and website
and bits of infrastructure a little bit
of
see my 13 and thank you so I'm to meet
and where you better call labs as well
focus on Jess I qfs and we keep
yourselves and that's it thank you
and that I I work protocol ABS I do that
I do a lot of the organizational stuff
around communication and governance and
project management process and I'm in
Philadelphia
I'm Emily and I work as a project
manager for protocol abs and I'm going
to turn my video off so that I can hear
you guys for notes
thank you everybody um okay you have a
bit more time to to add additional
agenda items to mr. Jeremy she doesn't
care all I'm so sorry I'm so sorry yeah
you're good okay I'm a he writes go code
so we make sure me yeah okay anyhow you
have been one time to add items to the
agenda and otherwise will who wants to
lead next week's our hands and he wants
to be the location abilene no take next
week
I can moderate facilitated
great thanks so much so we have Richard
as a note taker and I'm hot as a su
theater and he okay so let's start with
didn't testing as um the call about the
project management process tomorrow yep
yep there's more of an announcement i
Jeremy you still haven't weighed in on
the scheduling doodle poll it's been out
for two weeks um so we're trying to
schedule that call and I posted notes
about that call that are linked to here
in the in the in the agenda so issue
number 251 and I PFS p.m. that's the
outline of things we need to discuss
there's a lot I don't think will fit it
in an hour but we'll we'll do our best
to make the most of that hour and then
do the rest a sink that's it oh oh the
scheduling yeah so so please weigh in on
that dutiful because the time that's in
ical further all the project leads is
actually wrong because to be can do that
time there's no point in updating that
until we actually know what time it
actually works for every that's all
great thanks any questions cool then
actually I forgot the technical point in
the agenda which is we're not using
other fat pants that we're trying out
hack MD but I all for the first time so
if you have any feedback about that I
needed in this print issue in the PM
repo okay um or tell us on IRC there's
also an issue dedicated specifically to
either beds in IPS / community i believe
and it's linked in this print issue so
you can leave it there where we talk
about other stuff going on
hot i D does anyone know the developers
of heck md do we have a contact to them
I wondering if we can make that run on I
TFS it's likely to use sounds like we
need an appointment for that do you want
to find out i know i'll see if i can
find them to contact them about that
great thanks a bunch an interesting
question maybe ok so the next agenda
item if it would be our trial of the
discourse community software I'd put it
on the agenda but really it's um for for
Richard to Richard if to do you want to
leave that discussion or you want me to
um so discourses started which is
awesome there's currently a try
discourse up which is great some of you
have already seen that I know dignified
fire is putting a lot of effort their
courses for the pool um I have been on
vacation and busy catching up since
vacation Matt and I had a very good chat
on Saturday about this course um one of
the things I'm hoping to do a lot to get
to today nice I'll bet for that is
wednesday is to decide what the actual
items may be for figuring out how this
course goats and so for instance how we
know the twerking well how we know it's
not working well there's currently an
issue on there about what repos we want
to move over to this course this is also
a very good question um since it's a
trial that means that ultimately it's
kind of up to us to see how it goes how
much runs in the best and how much we're
not going to invest and that'll also
determine how much the community will
get involved obviously everyone on this
call is already very involved in the
community um we are here just awesome
but we're not the main users
full response early we're just people
who will be moderating it sorry just
people talking it might actually um so
as part of discourse I would appreciate
it if you guys would just look at it
i'll be posting an issue either tonight
if I can stay awake Cory will or
wednesday morning when i'm back in
eastern time about measurable items i
love your feedback on that i'd also like
your feedback on d which we copy over um
that's pretty much it for me one of the
things i noticed just tangentially today
was that there's a issue in the epic hue
that someone didn't get answered for
like six months um since June really and
so they opened up another issue and I
PFS PFS which shows kind of how broken
our current faq is um she could be
improved and so hopefully this course
can do that I don't really know of
anything else I need to cover Matt what
do you believe haha that's it especially
flag the UM the discussion in discourse
the thread about how do we know if this
course is right for us and how will we
know like because that's where we want
to set bounds on like how long is this
trial going to be how are we going to
know whether it's working so that we
could either upgrade or turn it off and
stop using it um because we don't want
it to just like drag on and on so way in
them on that one sooner rather than
later and then if people have ideas
to be
I was just going to say that like
independently other to all the views for
that communication part without
community it really depends on us to
have the discipline to like check it and
like to answer those questions like the
reason why did you think I lens it was
not because like there is no central
it's simply because like people are not
opening at the hue and chicken t-shirts
and it is understandable like everyone
in the team is really busy like the
community doesn't feel like they have
all the answers to all the questions of
the pyramid peak you so it's very hard
like to for them to enter those
questions by themselves and we just keep
accumulating over and over and over time
of course like for the projects then
people are actively developing like
those answers again like answering the
flash because people are opening is
Reapers like every month every 10
minutes right so I'm going to check the
issues constantly and the contributions
by the other things don't get so much
you think what I would say that we need
to like to develop this discipline a one
to develop this discipline not like
answering this community questions we
can do two things one of them is just
like even a van I PFS community day of
as I like answering issues maybe like
every two weeks go I can review all of
them I need this win Jeremy in the
beginning of the year for the godly
physicians I'm like wait to like five
hours and we like first like 200 like it
was up to be like off of them it was
like very time consuming for two people
like to spend like a lot of energy put
there and the other thing is like having
someone that actively and like did you
get a person that actively goes through
all of those questions and try to link
them together for know the ones that are
related and also I tries to create
materials with so when one thing that
I've had like previously when I was
actively working on the note security
project we will get a lot of increase my
email and my Twitter and my RC and Other
communication channels people asking
questions about all to build their apps
more secure and like after a while like
there's a pattern or like the same
questions coming so like the best thing
to do is like once there is like a huge
pain
just write a piece of the commendation
or even better a blog post it explains
uncle overcome that that pain point
because then people can like find that
well most easily to search like they
will search on the web others I be fast
through this on that and they will find
the blog post which I of information
that they need and are you next time
someone comes you the same question
because they didn't search or are they
justify it which is like here's a blog
post here's like the material just
wanted to focus it will be a lot about
discipline go ahead and Richard also it
would be about process Lars has
mentioned right the cameras actually
okay my sippy freaking manual a lot um
like art wtfm which comes off as very
aggressive for new users right like oh
no now I have to write a manual model it
might be good for us to write a an
easier way of saying that saying like
hey if you have questions to be really
cool if you could like help us out like
here we have a blog post we're working
on over here here are three issues if
you want to really understand it maybe
you could coalesce them into one and
that's something which I think we could
do as a team better right now we're much
more likely to be like here's the answer
huh or you didn't check this other issue
over here um so thank you for bringing
it up David um I agree and it is totally
up to us to actually go through and make
sure that things are attended to in a
decent amount of time I haphazardly
tried to do that now and again by
dropping like epic you stuff into IRC
saying like hey can someone check this
it'd be cooler if other people too that
the school yeah angry i gets process and
that's why I was like saying as
something like I called a discipline its
process really like getting something
like every two weeks like just the
answer all that if s community questions
day where everyone is like we can even
be online hangout and Michael any
questions hey Richard finishings 18 can
check this on I like each other
see that's what I do Jeremy and it was
productive like very like very intense
and exhaustive as well it's like we
cannot do that every day so we might
work it might be fun it might be like
awake to also you might more people to
like see our discussion that we answer
yes sorry man I just want to return
something I want to fly related to this
is that like github defaults to sending
you notifications about any repository
or subscribe to that is not how
discourse is behaving like I haven't
gotten a single notification from this
course while people have created all of
these threads and added all these users
and added all these comments and so this
is keep in mind that the point of using
something like this course is that a lot
of things that have been showing up as
github issues will now be going into
those forums but you should still make
sure to get notifications right like
it's like if a github issue might be the
wrong place for it but it has the
benefit of getting on your radar and and
it looks like we're gonna have to figure
out how like I've been looking through
the configurations I don't even quite
know how to configure discourse to just
by default tell me when someone anyone
creates a thread or anything like that
it doesn't seem to have that
configuration setting or it's probably
hidden so we should all figure that out
turn on the notifications
I'm a bit surprised because actually
around and discourse because I wanted to
make sure that I get notifications and I
enabled a couple of settings which
sounded like they would do that and but
I haven't gotten a single one either so
we need to figure that out let's open an
issue about it or even better a forum
post on discourse um hey just don't
figure this out yet and that's actually
something we can give feedback back
because the disco to look really nice as
being kind of helping us out we should
pull them out by dogfooding their stuff
so should we create a new issue for
tracking that kind of like figuring out
or no let's do that on discourse um ogio
complaint yes so unjust course i'll make
a post immediately after this call
saying hey this is where you drop stuff
um about getting notifications for
discourse okay um also a really good
idea David that came to my mind I think
it's a good idea maybe it's not would be
to have a small call like in office
hours or something for people to just
ask questions um I don't know people
have that right now people are
encouraged to jump on to this next
questions tier i think and go into the
specific sprinkles but i'm not sure
newbies really want to do that um it
might be fun to be like hey we're gonna
be going through all these open faq
questions if you want to jump on the
call with us don't really ask questions
there too and will make me that the key
questions that might be a fun thing to
do um and may help out people be like oh
cool i can ask my questions about like
how do i spell demon um you know simple
stuff might be from one
I think it's through them and translate
those through writing other words
peoples are using this oh yeah oh yeah
no no I'm just saying like enable that
that venue and then take that and
improve our documentation with it much
yes also so great we can try and maybe
even next week if people are available I
know okay great any more fonts about
this course is otherwise I think we're
done with the agenda yeah Richard I've
won an agenda item to add sorry ccc when
is the next call or the next call for
tickets set today let me have a look at
a calendar I think it's Saturday yep
saturday at two p.m. UTC okay so we
should all be trying to refresh and get
tickets on that day just so it's not
just you yeah maybe not all of us but
one or two more people would be good
thank you for all of us do it and we'll
end up with a hundred tickets one is
there a way wrong with this people look
great and we mentioned a lot of people
transfer students
I guess so somebody would have to do it
and just imagining are starting to race
a lot those books
I mean I'm not going to trust if we had
about I wouldn't be trusting it and
still try to get tickets manually so
okay anything else men had an agenda
point just a plug for I created an issue
for identifying the top topics that need
better documentation I and so if you if
you could glance at that and if there's
ones that you're that are on your radar
as things that people constantly ask
about could you just add a comment there
so when I when any of us starts digging
into trying to like prioritize what we
document first we have that record of
what what people keep asking though
yeah and II wanna add a link to that
issue to pronounce that would be mr.
okay cool great thank you yeah we have a
lot of time left somebody wants to demo
something they worked on recently that
they want to share how's the time I made
a silly thing um I don't actually need
to demo it because I can just tell you
what it does and it's really simple it's
a PFS to gateway and all i do is i type
in my terminal I PFS dash I oh and then
the file name or pass to like a file and
it automatically adds it to I PFS and
then opens it up in my browser because I
got tired of having to manually copy the
hash and then going to the browser and
then typing a pizza I also copy of s so
I made two ways of doing it one of them
is with shell in two lines and I made
that an NPM package because screw it and
then the other one is using jsf PFS
which thank you david diaz for like
dealing with my really inane questions
on saturday where i'm like i don't know
what utils hist um but yeah that's a
little package I made and I can link it
it's just like syntactic sugar on top of
IP office add what's the use case for
that like what's the what are the
situations where you want to add
something and immediately view it in the
whole turn through a lot of the times i
want to add like a screenshot and just
share it with someone and i don't really
want to have to remember all these new
different screen sharing like apps or
whatever i just want to add that VFS and
give that someone so i do that a lot and
i just got tired of manually typing it
um you could also change it and make it
like you know work for multiple gateways
or whatever but really I just wanted to
cut down the steps between I PFS ad copy
link and put in browser so now it's
automatic
oh sorry I was just going to say like it
also like if you do that like then you
can go offline like send via the URL in
an email for example golf lying and I'm
like you know it's like for at least the
next 24 hours or more like the file is
going to be a little bit proving the it
way so like if someone's going to check
if I while you are a fine you have some
other nodes that you didn't have to do
it in other than opening a URL to like
getting the contents temporary for you I
definitely do not trust and toss your
way to pink content on any of us forever
but I'll give it a quick hack it's a
quick line difference
okay cool okay cool hey then I guess I
hit by a close the session and we
reconvene in 32 minutes for the go I PFS
hang out um in the same zoom channel um
yeah that was nice it didn't create
links for hack md for the rest of the
calls because i wanted to test one of
the coals before we overhaul everything
else um what do you guys think about
about how this is working I mean hey
what do you think um I was terrified at
first because I couldn't find the edit
button but it was gucci after I about
mad so thumbs up cool yeah I guess
immediately he was like doing other
people that make this let's do this try
get an IV of us right now there's real
linemen like we have been your
perspective I like we can get all the
nice things on my down my kids like see
the notes coming to life to forum we all
the formatting while the editor can do
all the magic behind wait so were you
watching what page were you watching
were you watching the Edit screen or
what does it have like a live production
page like so you have my care like in
the top um I na like two columns and
then you have the abbot's like there's a
pencil and I was a Miss checking their
true the I a good viewer like I cannot
edit I can just view but I Eve you that
already rendered version of the mark out
that's awesome yeah I can I can table of
contents on the ride like this is cool
yeah
ok Richard wanna make links for the
other hangouts or the other cause yeah
cool thanks a lot simpler well decide it
I didn't know about the table of
contents that's really cool that's that
could be really used I how do I between
these calls do I stop the recording and
then because I think we've been using we
have not been using this zoom recording
feature to record these calls so that we
were streaming them directly to youtube
and then they just automatically go to
youtube so does anyone know what I'm
supposed to do with this video once it
renders on my machine can charge it oh I
just so yeah I just got home from it up
and if we charge if you set up the
stream I and give me the stream key I
can stream it like I just got home and
so the case is I don't want to have
access to youtube and all that but like
the shrimp key are like we've done this
last week we forgot the brahmajyoti if
you set up the stream and give me the
stream key I can stream it down like a
compass ready and all this upload this
one to you too yes ok ok Claud recording
then I'll once more here by close the
session and we'll reconvene in 29
minutes same room both ago I PFS hang
out sound good